Final fixes in the migrator (#474)
kyma-project/infrastructure-manager: hack/runtime-migrator/README.md

2. retrieves all existing shoot specifications
3. migrates the shoot specs to the new Runtime custom resource (Runtime CRs created with this migrator have the `operator.kyma-project.io/created-by-migrator=true` label)
4. saves the new Runtime custom resources to files
5. checks if the new Runtime custom resource will not cause update on the Gardener

> 6. saves the results of the comparison between original shoot and the shoot KIM will produce based on new Runtime custom resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. saves the results of the comparison between the original shoot and the shoot KIM produces based on the new Runtime CR
```

> 7. applies the new Runtime custom resources to the designated KCP cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. applies the new Runtime CRs to the designated KCP cluster
```

> 8. saves the results migration in the output json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. saves the migration results in the output json file
```

  -kcp-kubeconfig-path=/Users/myuser/kcp-kubeconfig.yml \
  -output-path=/tmp/ \
  -dry-run=true \
  -input-type=json
```

The above **execution example** will: 
1. take the stdin input (json with runtimeIds array)
1. proceed only with Runtime CRs creation for clusters listed in the input 

> 1. save output files in `/tmp/` directory. The output directory will contain the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. save output files in the `/tmp/` directory. The output directory contains the following:
```

    - `comparison-results` - the directory with the files generated during the comparison process
1. They will not be applied on the KCP cluster (`dry-run` mode)

### Output example

```
2024/10/28 13:38:49 INFO Starting runtime-migrator
2024/10/28 13:38:49 gardener-kubeconfig-path: /Users/i326211/Downloads/kubeconfig-garden-kyma-dev.yaml
2024/10/28 13:38:49 kcp-kubeconfig-path: /Users/i326211/dev/config/sap
2024/10/28 13:38:49 gardener-project-name: kyma-dev
2024/10/28 13:38:49 output-path: /tmp/
2024/10/28 13:38:49 dry-run: true
2024/10/28 13:38:49 input-type: json
2024/10/28 13:38:49
2024/10/28 13:38:49 INFO Migrating runtimes
2024/10/28 13:38:49 INFO Reading runtimeIds from stdin
2024/10/28 13:38:49 INFO Migrating runtime with ID: 80dfc8d7-6687-41b4-982c-2292afce5ac9
2024/10/28 13:39:01 WARN Runtime CR can cause unwanted update in Gardener. Please verify the runtime CR. runtimeID=80dfc8d7-6687-41b4-982c-2292afce5ac9
2024/10/28 13:39:01 INFO Migration completed. Successfully migrated runtimes: 0, Failed migrations: 0, Differences detected: 1
2024/10/28 13:39:01 INFO Migration results saved in: /tmp/migration-2024-10-28T13:38:49+01:00/migration-results.json
```

> The above example shows that the migration process detected potential problem with Runtime CR. In such a case the Runtime CR that may cause unwanted updates on Gardener will not be applied on the cluster and require manual intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example shows that the migration process detected a potential problem with Runtime CR. In such a case, Runtime CR that may cause unwanted updates on Gardener will not be applied to the cluster and will require manual intervention.
```
